hey guys the moment we've been waiting
for is here the official unlock for
three point one point three on baseband
05 point 12.01 just came out today very
easy to do just make sure your phone is
jailbroken easiest way to jailbreak your
three point one point three is using
spirit just go to ww JP com download
that whether it works for Windows or Mac
once you downloaded that and jailbroke
your phone then all you have to do is
first thing you have to do is going to
go into settings go to general network
and turn off 3g make sure that's turned
off I want to show you guys that I am on
three point one point three and it is on
baseband 05 12.01 okay all we have to do
now is go into cydia let city load if
you haven't been there for a while let
it update do all the updates on it all
right once city opens up going to manage
and go to sources if you don't have this
source repo 666 dot ultrasnow com just
add the repo go into the repo here's
ultrasnow ultrasnow 0.93 this as you can
read here will unlock anywhere from 0 4
to 6 08 all the way up to 05 13 04 base
man so everybody is back in luck they
can unlock their phone I already have it
so I'm not going to do it but you see up
here it says modify yours will say
install click that install it once
installed reboot device
now i will insert my sim card that way
you can see that it reads t-mobile
searching for it
and there we go that's t-mobile
everybody can see there and you can see
I'm on
I'm sorry
three point one point three on baseband
05 12 02 this is a 3gs and its network
t-mobile lets it guys you guys have a
good day